---
layout: default
---

## Service Options for 2015

Workouts For Wall Street℠ combines personal training with lifestyle management to remove pain, reduce stress and improve flexibility. The service is offered for a flat fee.

Personal training is usually sold by the number of sessions. These hourly rates create a conflict of interest between the client and the trainer because the trainer wants to sell more sessions, even when it's unnecessary for the client. Our flat rates mean you can use our service as often as you like without making an investment decision every time.

We know how busy you are, and our flat fee ensures that you'll reach your goals in the shortest, most effective way possible.

<div style="max-width:90%;margin:0 auto 1.5em;">
<strong>Training, Massage & Supplements</strong> &mdash; $4,600/quarter</br>
Up to 26 training sessions, nutrition and stress management, travel support, two sessions with our massage and recovery experts, and a customized 3-month supply kit.</br>
</br>
<strong>Training & Massage</strong> &mdash; $3,800/quarter</br>
Up to 26 training sessions, nutrition and stress management, travel support, and one session with our massage specialist.</br>
</br>
<strong>Training</strong> &mdash; $3,500/quarter</br>
Up to 26 training sessions, nutrition and stress management, and travel support.</br>
</div>

All services are paid for in advance. Automatic renewal is our default option. Working with us means you give us permission to charge your credit card each time you're up for renewal. You can opt-out of automatic renewal at any time.

If you need to cancel or reschedule a session, please give us at least 24-hours notice. We will do the same. If you cancel or reschedule with less than 24-hours notice, you will lose the session.

*Current as of {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}.*

